hey guys welcome to my channel under one
of my last photos on Instagram you asked
me about how I managed to work three
consecutive hours how motivate myself so
this video is about the simplest rule
out there that has been working for me
for all my life if you're interested
continue watching this video like good
sign right
as it's sad the rule is super easy you
need to start acting within five seconds
after you had a thought of starting
doing something and that is for example
you have a dream of certain um company
yes I need to start a bakery the next
thing you're gonna do is you're gonna go
on Google within 5 seconds and Google
bakeries that are in your place and
explore your competition or you want to
get education in the United States the
next thing you're gonna do you're gonna
sit down and research for universities
why within 5 seconds the problem is is
that our body does everything to prevent
our brain from working because when our
brain works it consumes 25% of our all
energy so the task of our body is to
create conditions where brain does not
work because otherwise it will consume
all of the energy have you noticed that
like before you start your exam
preparation before you study you think
like oh my God my room is so dirty I
need to clean up or like oh my god
before I start I need to order all of
those books and then wait till they
arrive so I can use them in my
preparation this is something that
you've rain does it creates activities
that do not involve its work but you can
change that right and you can change it
by starting acting within 5 seconds
another thing how do you notice that all
of the professors like the majority of
professors of universities they're
really thin and that's because they work
with a brain all the time and brain
activity consumes a lot more energy than
sport so how do you start acting within
5 seconds after you have a thought for
me what I do I split one big goal into
really easy tasks as I said you want to
start your company research your
competition first you want to get
admitted to a foreign university start
researching the universities like split
those into small goals and create a
Trello desk Trello is a free service
that you can use it can go online and
create your own desks maybe like five
that I use and I use them to split my
goals into small steps that I can do
every day
another thing connected to this rule and
that does not work well at least for me
um I know some people say if you share
your goal with everybody then you have
more motivation to work on it they start
completing their goals by post arunas to
go in like hey I just died
Symone company just decided to start my
channel watch me I'm gonna rock it blah
blah blah I think this is a wrong
approach with this action you're sending
your brain is signal like I've made my
first step and your brain is like Oh
Congrats well done let's go watch
Netflix there's the new TV series that
doesn't work that doesn't get you to
your goal the second reason why it don't
like this is that because if you do not
accomplish what you promised then people
would think you're a liar or you're a
lazy person so I just didn't do it
another practice that I implemented my
life if you need to do something that
you really hate like for varying a
report tell your brain we're gonna work
for 25 minutes only and then we're gonna
take a five minute break and then we're
gonna work for 25 minutes again and then
we're gonna take five minute break
because when you anticipate an hour of
working you're gonna look for reasons to
not do this job but if you really need
to do it telling your brains it's only
25 minutes and then you go we're gonna
grab coffee we're gonna grab tea we're
gonna listen to music that makes it more
relaxing so try splitting your workday
into 25-minute slots I bet you're gonna
see the progress like I saw the progress
immediately when I started doing this
when I started doing this and applying
this rule to tasks that I hate hate hate
the last of things that I wanted to add
in this video guys sleep well this is
super important this is so important you
can really imagine when you wake up and
when you have like healthy eight hours
of sleep you can work on a completely
different level there is an area and a
brain that is called cortex and it is
responsible for producing high level of
results like that are created with your
brain when you deprived of sleep this
part doesn't actually receive a lot of
blood and we go down with our needs we
don't think I'll create a new company we
just think of sleeping getting more
sugar relaxations all of us so sleep
well this is super important and healthy
sleep is much more important than
solving a problem or watching Netflix
oh sorry Netflix it don't mean to
getting a good sleep is so much better
and so much more important than
finishing your tasks today tonight or
watching another video or just relaxing
just go to bed and
and the last thing try to be within a
community of people have the same goals
because together you just motivate each
other to work harder for example if you
want to learn the language from study
language go to a language school I hope
you guys will get through language
you're back home if you do uh and you
will be surrounded by students for
learning the same language and many of
them want to stay in the country and
apply for a university degree want to
move to this country and get a job or if
you want to do the split go to the gym
take a class where everybody tries to do
a split and you will be surrounded by
other people with the same goal guys if
you're still watching this video please
take part in my research write down in
comments below how long do you sleep
each night I actually track my sleep
with a bracelet and I would say I sleep
on average five to six hours but this
means that I spent at least eight hours
in bed just resting but the deep sleep
is like five or six hours let me know
how long do you sleep each night and
let's compare our answers this was it
for today guys thank you so much for
your questions if you have more
questions for me please feel free to ask
them in comments below or on my
Instagram don't forget to subscribe it's
lingo marina don't forget to subscribe
to this channel and press the bell this
way you're not gonna miss my videos they
are now twice a week I'm trying I'm
trying I'm trying twice a week in one
livestream I'll see you soon
in the next videos bye
[Music]